README.md, before:

# appServer

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/boxproject/box-appServer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/boxproject/box-appServer) [![Hex.pm](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/plug.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) [![language](https://img.shields.io/badge/golang-%5E1.10-blue.svg)]()

The Staff-Manager App Server for Enterprise Token Safe BOX 

## Before Use

- Modify the configuration file `config.js.example` fill in the `PROXY_HOST` and your MySQL configuration information.
- Rewrite the file name  `config.js.example` to `config.js`.
- Init your MySQL with the file `/scripts/box.sql`.

## Quickstart

### Get source code

~~~
$ git clone https://github.com/boxproject/box-appServer.git
~~~

## Install

~~~
$ cd appServer && npm install
~~~

## Start

~~~
$ npm run start
~~~

## Documentation

To check out API docs, visit [API.md]("https://github.com/boxproject/box-appServer/blob/master/doc/API.md")

## Licence

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0, Copyright 2018. box.la authors.

~~~
 Copyright 2018. box.la authors.

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
~~~

Commit message:

abandon this repository, update readme

README.md, after:

# appServer

The Staff and Manager App Server for Enterprise Token Safe BOX 

## Notice

We have refactored this project in Golang. So this repository now has been abandoned, please use the new [appServerGo](https://github.com/boxproject/appServerGo) instead of this.

## Before Use

- Modify the configuration file `config.js.example` fill in the `PROXY_HOST` and your MySQL configuration information.
- Rewrite the file name  `config.js.example` to `config.js`.
- Init your MySQL with the file `/scripts/box.sql`.

## Quickstart

### Get source code

~~~
$ git clone https://github.com/boxproject/box-appServer.git
~~~

## Install

~~~
$ cd appServer && npm install
~~~

## Start

~~~
$ npm run start
~~~

## Documentation

To check out API docs, visit [API.md]("https://github.com/boxproject/box-appServer/blob/master/doc/API.md")

## Licence

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0, Copyright 2018. box.la authors.

~~~
 Copyright 2018. box.la authors.

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
~~~
